QUICK_NOTES.md, before:

# AYLIEN

- JS-SDK: https://docs.aylien.com/textapi/sdks/#node-js-sdk
- On src/server/

```bash
yarn add aylien_textapi
```

- Install dotenv

```bash
yarn add dotenv
```

Create .env enviroment

## Allowing ES&6 imports

I want to move all related API code to the `/api/` folder so what I am going to do is intall babel but try to install it with webpack so I can use that. This means I need to have a webpack config for server and client, lets start with server by now :D

```
yarn add -D @babel/core @babel/preset-env
yarn add -D babel-loader
```

Also I set the `webpack.dev.js` file and the .babelrc`

I am having problems with .env and webpack :D, this might help: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46224986/how-to-pass-env-file-variables-to-webpack-config

The problem was that .env needs to be on the complete route of the project not inside the server

> I did this on branch `server-webpack`

This might not be needed later but as I began with server (from clean project)
I wanted to test if I could use ES6 imports/exports.

I will use require from now on, just wanted to test webpack without copy&pasting

## API Endpoints

Here we have the [documentation](https://docs.aylien.com/textapi/endpoints/#http-request)

Added tests for **classification**, **sentiment**, **language detection**, **article extraction**, **summarization**

Interesting for the future: **Concept Extraction**, **Entity Extraction**,**Taxonomies**, **Entity Level Sentiment Analysis**, **Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis**,

Not used by now: **Image Tagging**, **Hashtag Suggestion** and **Combined Calls**

# Let's install our server

## Express :D

```js
yarn add express body-parser cors
```

Commit message:

[feat] Added index.html on client and served from server
No webpack used, not serving /dist by now

QUICK_NOTES.md, after:

# AYLIEN

- JS-SDK: https://docs.aylien.com/textapi/sdks/#node-js-sdk
- On src/server/

```bash
yarn add aylien_textapi
```

- Install dotenv

```bash
yarn add dotenv
```

Create .env enviroment

## Allowing ES&6 imports

I want to move all related API code to the `/api/` folder so what I am going to do is intall babel but try to install it with webpack so I can use that. This means I need to have a webpack config for server and client, lets start with server by now :D

```
yarn add -D @babel/core @babel/preset-env
yarn add -D babel-loader
```

Also I set the `webpack.dev.js` file and the .babelrc`

I am having problems with .env and webpack :D, this might help: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46224986/how-to-pass-env-file-variables-to-webpack-config

The problem was that .env needs to be on the complete route of the project not inside the server

> I did this on branch `server-webpack`

This might not be needed later but as I began with server (from clean project)
I wanted to test if I could use ES6 imports/exports.

I will use require from now on, just wanted to test webpack without copy&pasting

## API Endpoints

Here we have the [documentation](https://docs.aylien.com/textapi/endpoints/#http-request)

Added tests for **classification**, **sentiment**, **language detection**, **article extraction**, **summarization**

Interesting for the future: **Concept Extraction**, **Entity Extraction**,**Taxonomies**, **Entity Level Sentiment Analysis**, **Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis**,

Not used by now: **Image Tagging**, **Hashtag Suggestion** and **Combined Calls**

# UI - Desgin

I make a break on the server work and I want to create the HTML & CSS for the UI at a static level, I will try to make SASS work to build an static HTML using webpack and later will comeback to this when the server is ready to join the pieces together.

![Wireframe](./doc/ui-wireframe.png)

## SASS

As I want to use SASS we need to have weback involved:

```bash
yarn add -D style-loader node-sass css-loader sass-loader
```

- I need to install also the HtmlWebPackPlugin to also serve the HTML files

```bash
yarn add -D html-webpack-plugin
```

Now running:

```bash
# on root
yarn run build-dev
node src/server/index.html
```

We should see something like this:
![Wireframe](./doc/adding-sass-1.png)

`branch: ui-design`
`commit: 5a927fb9450bbecaaa542fdcc2cc9686037550de`
